c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\Chart.dll.config
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\Chart.dll
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\Chart.pdb
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\obj\Debug\Chart.dll
c:\users\arturo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\obj\Debug\Chart.pdb
C:\Users\Arturo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Chart\Chart\obj\Debug\Chart.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
